(now a .md)

# Day 016 - 06/30/2022
1. Shear strength 
2. Index of refraction
3. Mechanical q 

## Summary of work done since the last update
I keep forgetting to make one every day. I spent the past few days designing the bonding proceedure and shear strength aparatus as well as researched materials for those. I learned AutoCad, which will probably be valuable for making offical-looking diagrams in the future.

## List based on mentor email
- look through the SB labs and see what is available for doing the shear strength test
  - ask Shruti or Radhika to show me around
  - poke around the cabinates in those rooms
  - report if key doesn't work
- hot plate design
  - Weights
  - flat piece of metal (aluminum)
  - copper foil
  - bonding sample
  - copper foil
  - piece of metal (aluminum)
  - hot plate
- more about thermocouples
  - the thermocouples are bonded to the side of the pieces of metal (aluminum)
  - take a look on Amazon to find out which Fluke thermocouples we can use with the multimeters we have in the lab (EE shop, cryo lab, or 40m lab)
  - (Maybe something like the 80PK ?)
  - tell him the part # so he can order it. (or feel free to order from there and save the receipt to get reimbursed, or just send him the links.)
  - mcmaster carr also has a great selection of thermocouples as well as just generally useful for films, sheets of metal, etc.

## Therefore, what I need to accomplish today:
- go look down in EE shop to see what multimeters they have
  - if none of them are Fluke-compatible, get help with going to the cryo and 40m lab
  - maybe go to them anyways to see if they already have them
- pick out thermocouples to buy
- get someone to take me down to the SB labs (whatever those are?)

## What I have done so far:
Looked up the Fluke thermocouples on Amazon. 80PK looks like the right kind since it's the exposed typed.

Reading a thesis related to bond quality.
