# Day 023 - 07/07/2022
1. Shear strength
2. Tensile strength
3. Index of refraction
4. Mechanical q 

## Summary of work done since the last update
I can't remember. I know I did *some* stuff, but it's a blur.

## Summary of meeting
We cleaned up a space in the EE shop for me to work.
I need to determine what temperature corresponds to low/medium/high on the hot plate, maybe using a RTD or a Fluke thermal laser sensor. Then, once the thermocouples arrive, I can start bonding with it.

UNREALTED REMINDER:
GRAD SCHOOL APPS
- EMAIL PROFS
- PREPARE SOP
SAFTEY THING
SOMETHING ELSE THAT I KEEP FORGETTING

## List of appendices I need to write


## Therefore, what I need to accomplish today:
- go look down in EE shop to see what multimeters they have
  - if none of them are Fluke-compatible, get help with going to the cryo and 40m lab
  - maybe go to them anyways to see if they already have them
- pick out thermocouples to buy
- get someone to take me down to the SB labs (whatever those are?)

## What I have done so far:
Looked up the Fluke thermocouples on Amazon. 80PK looks like the right kind since it's the exposed typed.

The thesis is super long, but I did find the section on shear strength useful. Based on that, I made a quick mock-up of an alterantive design.

I found one Fluke multimeter in the EE shop. ~~It did not look compatible with a thermocouples, but I'm sure such a device must exist somewhere in one of the labs.~~ I did more reasearch about the Fluke instruments. If I want to use the multimeter, I just need the adaptor (or get one of the thermocouples with the Banana Jack ending.
