# Day 048 - 08/02/2022

There wasn't much to log the last week. In the beginning half, I finally was able to conclude that it was heating it too quick that was causing the bond to break, and in the second half, I was working on my report. My current objectives are:

1) figuring out how to regulate the hot plate temperature
2) developing a better way to clean the slides
3) start setting up the multimeter to record the temperature of the aluminum plates
4) (hopefully will get to this) start working with the silicon
5) (probably won't get to this) figure out which strength test experiments I will run

## Regulating hot plate

I need to be able to control the hot plate's temperature, both so I can pick a temperature beyond the three settings and so I can slowly increase the temperature without destroying the bond. There's a few ways I can go about this:

1) "intermittent heating (i.e., PWM) to limit the amount of heat applied"
2) "isolate the plates from the heat source so that the heat deposition can be more limited and uniform"
3) "preheating+slow cooling rather than slow heating"
4) putting a plastic cage around the hotplate to evenly heat it

I probably could achieve (2) by putting the brass block on the hot plate or lifting it up, and (3) does not require any extra work.

For (1), I've been meaning to order an Arduino for personal projects. It turns out it's very easy to control AC with a computer using an Arduino, so I order ones of those, and I'll just keep it afterwards (they're only $25). I swore I saw an Arduino in the EE shop somewhere but I cannot find it again for the life of me. As for actually controlling the AC, I bought an IoT Relay. It's more expensive than a relay or switch, but it takes all of the danger out of working with AC and it's guaranteed to work. 

Summary of purchases (I don't need them reimbursed as long as I can keep them afterwards---if I anyone after me needs them, you can just buy what I bought; the code is the non-ubiquitous part, and I'll of course share it):
- https://www.amazon.com/dp/B008GRTSV6/
- https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NH11KIK
- https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00WV7GMA2

Once the Arduino arrives, I'll have to experiment with it to figure out what on/off frequency corresponds to what temperature. If this ends up being the way I heat everything, I'll probably also install a temperature censor that acts as a kill switch if things get too hot.

One big problem I might encounter is that the Oster also regulates it's temperature by turning itself off and on. I don't know how cycling the power to the Oster will affect this. I've considered taking the Oster apart and trying to disable this cycle so that once it turns on, the heat is constant, but that screams "danger," not to mention I'm not experienced with circuits so my modification could do more harm than good.

## Heating success

Slowly heating a bonded sample to almost the max heat over the course of an hour worked to keep the bond from breaking (I think).

## Highlights of dicsussion

1) work on heating
2) ???
3) crank razor test
4) shear strength suspension
