When the slides succesfully bond, I call them the "sample" instead of slides to avoid confusion with the plural in slides.


### Yesterday:

Tried cleaning the slides with Kimwipes to see if that was enough to get them to stick. They'd stick for about half a second when you lifted them up, before falling apart. It was very easily to slide them apart. I watched some videos on it, but it wasn't clear what the magic trick to getting it to work is.

I accidentally achived my first good bond by clasping two wet slides together. I repreated this by running the slides under the tap while pushing them together. I came back after dinner to check on the slides, and found that it was pretty difficult to pry the second one apart. Not impossibly hard, but it took a bit of prying with my fingers to get it to budge a few millimeters. After I slid it apart, I slid it back into place.

I left four slides overnight: 1 that was just two cleaned slides on top of eachother. Another than was the same as the first, but with the brass weight on top of it. Finally I had the two water-bonded slides.


### Today:

I checked how the overnight slides had fared. The two air ones came apart no more difficult than before. My first water-bonded sample seemed weaker. I pivot the slides around this one point that refused to break. I took video of myself violently shaking it, during which it came apart. The second water-bonded sample seemed stronger than the last time I checked it. My thumbs alone could not push it apart. I had to really try at multiple angles to finally get them to budge a millimeter. I tried prying them apart with a box cutter, but the blade couldn't get between them. I tired doing this both in my hands and with the sample secured in a clamp. Then I tried this razor that was stuck to a mangaet on a filing cabinet and the slides came apart instantly with no resitance.

I water-bonded a sample then stuck it on the aluminum square on the hot plate on Medium for maybe 15-30 minutes just to see what happened. When I took them off, the bond was gone (this was in fact foreshadowing). In the meantime, I grabed some isopropanol and methanol in the EE shop and started experimenting with that. Just rubbing a little bit isopropanol on the slides then sticking them together did nothing. I then tried squirting enough on that it completely filled the gap when I put the other slide on it (for here on out, assume this is what I mean when I say "I used water/isopropanol/methanol). After letting it set for a bit, I tried prying it apart. It made a bond comparable to water. I found that if I slid it slightly then slid it back into place, the bond would get stronger each time. Thi is probably because I was evacuating the air in the gap. At one point, the slides suddenly ripped apart and left cut marks in the glass. I don't know if it was because the glass was atomically riped apart or because debris left scratches.

I then prepared three slides with water, iso, and meth, respectively. After flooding the gap, I would let them sit and dry for a bit until the slides could no longer be slid apart. They were all about the same in terms of difficultly to slide apart. I left the iso and meth under the brass hunk for maybe 10 minutes but it changed nothing. Since the hot plate was still warm, I turned it back on to Medium and stuck the three samples on the aluminum square. After a short period of time (5 minutes max), I heard popping noises from two of the samples. The heat had completely broken the bonds of all three samples. The pop was enough to make the water sample askew. The iso and meth stuck together slightly better than nothing, but all the strength was gone.

I re-prepared the iso and meth, and am I trying heat them a second time, this time with the brass hunk on top and copper on each side of the samples to protect them. I will probably also make a more iso and meth samples to see how they fair overnight.
